doc(1.6.0): Talos Linux support (#827)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/deploy/install/_index.md

> - **K3s clusters** require some extra setup. Refer to [this section](../../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/csi-on-k3s)
> - **RKE clusters with CoreOS** need [this configuration.](../../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/csi-on-rke-and-coreos)
> - **OCP/OKD clusters** require some extra setup. Refer to [this section](../../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/okd-support)
> - **Talos Linux** require some extra setup. Refer to [this section](../../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/talos-linux-support)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must perform additional setup tasks before using Longhorn with certain operating systems and distributions.

- Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE): See [Longhorn CSI on GKE](../../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/csi-on-gke).
- K3s clusters: See [Longhorn CSI on K3s](../../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/csi-on-k3s).
- RKE clusters with CoreOS: See [Longhorn CSI on RKE and CoreOS](../../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/csi-on-rke-and-coreos).
- OCP/OKD clusters: See [OKD Support](../../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/okd-support).
- Talos Linux clusters: See [Talos Linux Support](../../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/talos-linux-support).
```

You may need to edit the cluster security group to allow SSH access.

> - For SUSE and openSUSE, use this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SUSE and openSUSE: Run the following command:
```

  ```
  zypper install open-iscsi
  ```

> - For Debian and Ubuntu, use this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Debian and Ubuntu: Run the following command:
```

  ```
  apt-get install open-iscsi
  ```

> - For RHEL, CentOS, and EKS with EKS Kubernetes Worker AMI with AmazonLinux2 image, use below commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RHEL, CentOS, and EKS *(EKS Kubernetes Worker AMI with AmazonLinux2 image)*: Run the following commands:
```

  ```
  yum --setopt=tsflags=noscripts install iscsi-initiator-utils
  echo "InitiatorName=$(/sbin/iscsi-iname)" > /etc/iscsi/initiatorname.iscsi
  systemctl enable iscsid
  systemctl start iscsid
  ```

> - For Talos Linux, refer to [this section](../../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/talos-linux-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Talos Linux: See [Talos Linux Support](../../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/talos-linux-support).
```

  zypper install nfs-client
  ```

> - For Talos Linux, [The NFS client is part of the `kubelet` image maintained by the Talos team](https://www.talos.dev/v1.6/kubernetes-guides/configuration/storage/#nfs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Talos Linux, the NFS client is part of the [`kubelet` image maintained by the Talos team](https://www.talos.dev/v1.6/kubernetes-guides/configuration/storage/#nfs).
```

Author: `The NFS client is part of the kubelet image maintained by the Talos team`
is obtained from the linked NFS section. IMO it looks a bit odd just linking the `kubelet image maintained by the Talos team`. Do you have an alternative suggestion?

Reviewer: I expanded the link text to include the first part. However, we must use lowercase "t" here because the link text is still part of the sentence.
